Hello everyone and welcome to the e-commerce company.
Mock interview.
So for this mock interview you're going to have a phone screen and then three onsight questions both
the phone screen and the three onsight questions are presented as chip or notebooks which you can see
on the viewer or you can have already downloaded them through the links provided earlier.
So the solutions are presented after all the questions you should make an attempt to answer both the
phone screen and all three onsight questions before checking out the solutions.
Make any reasonable assumptions you have to after that once you've done solutions check back and make
sure you go over the ones you missed and other resource at the end of this section is a transcription
of an interview of Miriam Park who is Amazon's director of MBA and university recruiting at the time
of the interview.
So go ahead and check that out.
She answers a ton of questions about what Amazon looks for when interviewing candidates and other information
about the company.
All right.
With that being said.
Best of luck with the interview and make sure you go with the solutions and really understand the answers
to the questions provided.
All right.
Best of luck